Still to do to aven 1.1.*:

Fix measuring line issues on MS Windows.

Fix focus issues on MS Windows.

Merge Martin's patch for improved here/there update.

"New Presentation" should probably ensure sidepanel is open and on presentation
tab.

Fix depth clipping on grid

Easy way to "print extended elevation"

*data chamber ...

Draw the measuring line directly onto the front buffer, so we can remove it
with a copy from the back buffer and redraw it in the new position without a
re-render.

Round the measuring line coords so the ring is a nice shape?  Or just antialias
the ring, "there" blob and line?

Process all pending input before rerendering to improve responsiveness.

Check timing code - we need to glFinish to ensure it's all drawn, and that
may be needed to get meaningful timing info.

sort out date colouring cleanly.  also error colouring, etc.

Unix full screen mode needs to allow dialogs to appear over the window
(e.g. try Ctrl+O while in full screen mode).  I've added a tweak to drop out
of it before showing dialog and return after, but this isn't ideal.
It would be best of all if wx got this right...

smooth wrinkles in presentation code (Add "stop", stop pres on Open or New,
changing focus on listctrl as presentation plays doesn't really work properly)

Does anyone use Controls->"Reverse Sense"?  It made some sense with caverot
but now seeing the mouse pointer makes people expect the default motions...

Save margin settings, etc for printing in .aven (at least on unix).

Measuring line turning itself on can be annoying - rethink how this works a
bit perhaps?

Right-click menus for indicators?

Optional lazy label redraw during drags?  Or turn on at some redraw time
threshold...

---

TODO entries which aren't likely to be done for 1.0.x:

Warn bearings not 3 digits, gradient not <sign><digit><digit>

Allow angles as deg/min/sec (for theodolite data) (060°10'15" as 060 10 15,
or 060.1005 (crap notation))

Add support for bearings of form N20E (ie [NS][0-9]+[EW])?

should % after a clino reading work?

cavern: auto declination?

Sort out gross error detection code

Fixing a point by triangulation?

Theodolite + level:
  delta(bearing (relative to 0 at start)
  delta(horizontal)
  delta(vertical) / maybe "clino" instead

Theodolite only:
  delta(bearing (relative to 0 at start)
  delta(horizontal)
  infinite sd for z

Infinite sds so we can fix in x and y only (or z only)?

use more accuracy than nearest point (1/72") in printps?

funcs to spot differences between caves:
  display two plots at once, maybe flash in ram banks?
  compare nets

Label lengths aren't considered when working out image size in prcore.c,
so a long label can spill off the edge of the printout

printer driver name spills over one page on Wookey's printer (printdm)

For warnings such as "Suspicious compass reading", report the reading
in question in the error message (in the text form given in the file).
Also report values when warning about problems with processed readings.

legs: implied: inloop/plumb/nosurvey, diving, other styles

legs: "dubious" for "tapeless" legs - bearing along continuation...

legs: hydrology - fossil/active/not recorded/static water/underwater
(sump) [diving underwater by default? except style can mean altimeter
too...]

legs: floor type - mud/sand/breakdown/flowstone/etc and can then used
LRUD to draw crude survey...

legs: "commented out" flag?  syntax check data but otherwise ignore

station flags: "important" - e.g. top camp "fixed" point /
junction,deadend (implied by order) /
articulation pt (know for nodes I think a station is if at least one
of its nodes is)

Allow valid range for an instrument to be specified.  Tie in with
*instrument.  *units date - ranges for dates - e.g. "1990-" or
"jun-aug"...

Maybe station lists should know how long they are?

cope with any combination of readings which gives enough info ???

Articulation point code: ideally the articulation point code should allow
further network reductions to happen after splitting at articulation
points?

leg and station "comments":

*data stationdata station left right up down comment

1 1.0 - 50+ 0.5 "large cairn"

2 ...

*data normal station l r u d comment newline tape compass clino

1 1.0 - 50+ 0.5 "large cairn"

  10.78 123 -03

2 ...

comment can be omitted "-" or not present if at end of line...?
commentall?

GPS support (e.g. export survey as GPS coords)

print to an image file (use gd? or wxwindows...)

Allow covariances to be specified in cartesian style?

back bearings?

*fix with datums etc

Aven:

aven grid code -> printouts
grid crosses option (only draw cross at intersections, not a full grid).
[(x,y) of a point to go through (easting, northing)
x spacing, y spacing (default to x spacing)
orientation (bearing of y-axis?) (defaults to 0)]

Mark: "surface.png is for a textured landscape -- there needs to be a
menu option to select the texturing on/off, and this should be the
texture used. map.png is just a different surface overlay for Loser."

Profile aven further (for both speed and memory usage)

by default put crosses on those points with no legs attached (unused
fixed points)?

label junctions/dead ends?

colour by traverse

section colouring/selective labelling

clipping - want to select a clip sphere (or maybe cube) centred on
centre on rotation I think.

colour by cave (and more generally by sub-prefix):
"aven --survey 161 --colour-by-sub-prefix all.3d" would result in
lhroute, rhroute, adrian, etc all getting different colours...

Some way to display all the names of an equated station (e.g. in pop-up
window or the info panel).

Highlight a whole survey by clicking on it in the tree...
