Date: Tue, 01 May 2001
Subject: caverot/xcaverot/aven ideas
From: Wookey, Olly

?by default put crosses on those points with no legs attached (unused
fixed points)?

click on station to centre; type in station to centre

label junctions/dead ends

colour by traverse

section colouring/selective labelling

clipping - want to select a clip sphere (or maybe cube) centred on
centre on rotation I think.

shift-ed keys should move faster (as they do in caverot)

Middle button drag should "resist" at elevation (i.e. angle == 0)...

sort out wrap-around a highish zoom (caverot is OK)

colour by cave (and more generally by sub-prefix):
"caverot --survey 161 --colour-by-sub-prefix all.3d" would result in
lhroute, rhroute, adrian, etc all getting different colours...

aven on monochrome displays - check depth colouring looks ok.

aven: redraw time should feed back to step size (so small caves on
fast puters look sane, and so autorotate keeps an even speed when
little can be seen for part of each rotation).

aven/caverot/xcaverot: if all points share a common prefix then
default to hiding it?

Date: Sat, 03 Mar 2001
From: Olly

chase up zombies again?

resolve entries in TODO; resolve FIXMEs in code

Default variance for topofil counter? (currently same as that of tape)

?outlaw prefixes on stations in data legs (as Todd has lobbied for)
and then the prefix of a leg == prefix of each end...?

Date: Fri, 04 May 2001
Subject: manual
From: Olly

doc/manual.sgml has version number (0.99 currently) hardcoded.

Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2001
Subject: flags
From: Olly

flag legs as "skeletal" or something? (i.e. not in the cave passage) -
e.g. a radiolocation leg from one passage to another isn't surface,
but it isn't in the cave itself either (it's through rock).  You could
just call it surface but maybe later we want to use the surface
flag to produce points for a surface triangulation...

Date: Mon, 25 Jun 2001
From: Olly

extract help screen from caverot.c for translation

update translations (quotes in messages - translate too? e.g. `XXX' to
«XXX»)

extract --help messages for translation.

Date: Wed, 04 Jul 2001
From: Olly

Check skip blank pages works on print*...

win install lang??

glcaverot?

Date: Wed, 18 Jul 20001
From: Olly

Rather than forming a linked list of components, solve each as it is
identified?  Beware of issues like those that revcomplist test checks.

Don't split other traverses at articulating traverses when reporting error
stats.

Date: Sun, 22 Jul 2001
From: Olly

test diving data with compass omitted (plumbed)

tests for direction - should direction work in non-interleaved data?

improve 3d torture test and try to automate its use if possible.

caverot: on RISC OS now fall back to using 2 or even just one screen
bank if we can't find a mode where we can create 3 banks [FIXME: need
to test this works]

Date: Sat, 15 Sep 2001
From: Olly

Retire survex wrapper (no-survex-wrapper.patch) for version 1.0.

Date: Sun, 16 Sep 2001
From: Olly

Platform specific versions of docs?

Allow extend (or printing of extend) to unfold right-left instead of
left to right?

Put more terms in terminology in docs ? trip, instrument, ...

cylpolar with dz rather than depth?

comma separated dates in *date?

Date: Mon, 17 Sep 2001
From: Olly

Allow "*exportall" or similar?  Leandro's point about "maze caves" -
just saying "don't use *export" is unhelpful if someone connects a
cave with *export to one without...

Find a solution to Thilo's "." problem.

aven: load a .pos file and no stations are shown - I think the problem
is in aven, as img looks to be setting the station "underground" flag...

Date: Wed, 19 Sep 2001
From: Olly

Make images in html docs work.

Date: Fri, 21 Sep 2001
From: Olly

debian changelog?

/etc/survex/example.print.ini ?

Add warning not to edit this file to /usr/share/survex/print.ini

survex apt source for survex, survex-aven, and wxgtk2.2 so apt-get
survex will work on potato...

ISO image?  structure debian packages on it as an apt source.

Mark: "surface.png is for a textured landscape -- there needs to be a
menu option to select the texturing on/off, and this should be the
texture used. map.png is just a different surface overlay for Loser."

Profile aven

Check menu short-cuts don't clash in translation...

CAD fuer hoehlen excel conversion macros?

man pages from sgml source shared with manual - see:
/usr/share/debhelper/dh_make/debian/manpage.sgml.ex

Other progs in debian menus

